WIP BXMSDOC-7617: Content for Deploying Kogito microservices on OpenShift chapter (#60)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/getting-started-kogito/proc-kogito-enable-probes-quarkus.adoc

[id="proc-kogito-enable-probes-quarkus_{context}"]

> = Enabling probes for Quarkus-based {KOGITO} microservices on {OPENSHIFT}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Adding healthcheck extension for Quarkus-based {KOGITO} microservices on {OPENSHIFT}
```

> You can enable the probes for the Quarkus-based {KOGITO} services on {OPENSHIFT}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the healtcheck extension for the Quarkus-based {KOGITO} services on {OPENSHIFT}.
```

> You can enable the probes for the Quarkus-based {KOGITO} services on {OPENSHIFT}.

Reviewer: The sentence could be dropped.

.Procedure

> . In a command terminal, navigate to the `pom.xml` file of your project and add the following dependency for the https://quarkus.io/guides/microprofile-health[Quarkus `smallrye-health`] extension:

Reviewer 2: If there is just one step, then no numbering. I see this in a couple of places.

Author: Done, removed numbering
